We covered a lot of material in this lesson.
We started with the basics of what a signal is and how to digitally sample one.
We covered techniques to process digital signals,
including: interpolation, the Fourier transform,
and we looked at harmonics.
Along the way, we'll learn how to visualize signals using
a matplotlib and how the spectrogram or short-time
Fourier transform can help us more accurately see
the Fourier coefficients of a signal as they change in time.
The breadth of concepts that we covered here could comprise full university classes.
We did a lot of exercises to help you feel comfortable using these topics practically,
but a lot of this material might be unlike
other disciplines of math that you've seen before.
Don't hesitate to re-watch the videos and explored
at the further resources to build your intuition.
I'm hopeful that as we use these concepts in the upcoming lessons,
things will start to click more.